Hormontown once again is in session. Welcome everybody. How are you doing today? Fantastic.
Welcome to Hollywood, California, the Nerdmelt Theater. And thank you for listening to us
out in the podcast universe. Please put your hands together and open your hearts for the
mayor of Hormontown, Dan Hormont.
You guys are fab or modern, whatever that music was. Jeff, it's an important night tonight.
I'm very excited, not because I'm in a good mood. I guess I am, but just narratively and
like kind of a big night for stuttering. Conceptually, you just pointed out in the
green room before we took the stage that we are standing at the precipice of a nexus here.
I didn't know. I really don't follow the politics, but we just did the math in the green room.
Even though right now, tonight in this room, we have no idea who the next president will be,
when this airs, we will know. So we have an opportunity to create multiple timelines,
my favorite, my favorite thing. At least we are living on a razor's edge right now.
We're Schrodinger's nation. Either there's a guy that's still a president that we don't know
anything about, or what happened at all, or there'll be a new guy who seems like a douchebag.
He seems like, yeah, or a lovely guy if he's the president now. If he's not the president,
my head is off to you, sir. Well run campaign, please. And get those jobs, people.
I don't watch the news. I don't like politics. Dan and I don't know the first thing about politics.
Surrender your mind. Don't even pontificate about it. Let's just leap into it. Let's do two different
openings. Same audience, same enthusiasm, if you please. However you want, but like, bring me.
Does somebody have a coin, a quarter? Yeah, let's do it.
All right. Heads, Obama, tails, Romney? Yes. We'll do both.
By the way, just to be fair, we're going to pick like an added debate. They flip coins. Let's see who goes first.
Coin has been flipped. It's Heads, Obama won, so let's bring...
Wait, wait. Sorry. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's fine. That's fine, that's fine, that you're enthusiastic.
You got him in there. He may or may not have won. He won.
Yeah, I'm sorry. We didn't mean to tell you. That's not how the Electoral College works,
to you guys. We're not Daibold. We don't have the power that you think we wield. We didn't
invest in a bunch of voting machines. God, what if that was? John King would be out of
a job. Holy shit. No, but I was just saying, hold your applause because do the whole opening.
Depending on who wins, we would come down on the right side. You guys pretend that you
haven't seen me yet. All right, so go back out there. Are you going to stay up or make
a drink? Whatever. Okay, we'll start it again. All right.
Harmontown is now in session. Put those democratic hands together for the mayor of Harmontown.
We did it, motherfuckers. We did it. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.
Four more years. Four more years. Fuck you. I love abortions. I mean, I don't love them,
but if I want to love them, I love them. Fucking. No, I just got myself an honorary abortion
last night. I'm in such a good mood tonight, Jeff, because
Obama won. I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, though, it was a squeaker. It was a
squeaker. It's fucking weird how every four years it's a squeaker. I don't get it. It's
almost like there's some weird industrial military complex pretending like we have a choice when
we don't actually. Wait, Dan, Dan, Dan, are you saying that voting
for one-of-two people, it was an electoral college, it creates a myth of efficacy that
your vote doesn't matter at all? Jeff, that would be crazy. Who would be incentivized to
do that except a higher echelon of rich people that own everything? Why would all of them
who have everything in common do that to a bunch of poor people who also have everything
in common and outnumber the motherfucker out of them? Why would they do that?
Yeah, but what's in it for them? Why would they lie to us about it?
I don't know. I just love it that Obama won! It feels good because, and here's why it feels
good because that other guy was fucking creepy. I can't believe in a field of Republican candidate
choices. I mean, there were some weirdos in there.
They're down to Mormons now. Next year there will be a guy with a snake for a necktie.
Next year? It's every year, right? Well, it will be because there's a black guy in the
White House. It'll be every year now. They're going to change the rules in the Congress.
I remember right up until the very moment that Pennsylvania finally got their head out of
their ass and fucking just barely went through Obama because, boy, was that a swing state.
But I remember thinking, this guy Romney, it always seemed like a joke that he didn't
like. No, he was constantly a joke. Here's some
other names that you don't remember. Steve Forbes, I don't know, just Pab Rasmussen.
The name names, especially on the Republican side. I mean, there's a million on the Democrat
side too, but it's so weird. We will never thank God to hear the words John McCain again.
He revealed himself in the final stages to be so vile, and right at the end there, Romney
just went radio silent. They just fucking turned into, that's what an alligator does,
right? It just turns into a pair of eyes above swamp level.
That's what a cat does right before it pounces. I thought, Jeff, for a second that something
shady was about to happen, but it turns out we still live in a completely Democratic nation.
What are you talking about the big dispute in Indiana? The big voter fronting in Indiana.
Oh shit, that thing that happened where people thought that Obama's dick.
That was a ballot. They counted his dick as a ballot.
They kept punching it. It turns out 70-year-old women who fought
in the World War II, dicks can be ballots to them, because back then paper was made
of hemp before pot was illegal. So you were allowed to back then tattoo your presidential
choice from overseas onto a slave's dick and send him to America, and it was an absentee
ballot. But this is Indiana. This is all a bunch of bullshit. The point
is 70% of Indiana was unaccounted for, and it was a slave. But anyways, Obama won. It
was great. All right. Or did he?
We'll come in. Armageddon is back in session. Put your fascist hands together for the fuel
of Armageddon. 10 armors. Yeah, I don't know. Sorry. How's everyone doing in there?
Four years. Four years. Let's hope this one isn't eight. Yeah, I don't know.
What the fuck? I'm going to surprisingly, I'm looking at the positive side of it, though.
This is very much to me. We have a new president, everybody in the White House. Mr. Metavius
Romney. I think this is called him. Metavius. We should probably stop colloquializing him.
He's the commander-in-chief. He deserves more respect than that. I support our troops.
I support the people that don't support them. How many people here voted for Mitt? Wow, just
the one. It's weird. It's weird.
California's a blue state. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We barely any of us voted at all. It was fucking
Pennsylvania and Indiana who did it, man. It was motherfuckers. God damn it. This is
swing states. I think, you know, I'm bummed out that I can't get an abortion anymore.
Obviously. Look, we've all known. I mean, this argument's been raging forever. I mean,
we've known that abortions have been that coin landing on its edge every election after
every election. But, Dan, as somebody that was recently fired off of a television sitcom,
you're probably happy to have somebody in office whose main focus is to get you a job
again, right? Yes, yes, no. I just have so much about money and the economy and the trickling
down with the HMOs and the hedge funds. I've seen such a relief because the last thing
you want to do in a giant nation full of people is help people. I just find that repulsive
with them. I don't see how you're going to make money that way and I don't see, you
know, how, obviously, his dad was very poor. But how do you feel about the fact that he
lost the popular vote by 400,000 votes and still won? You know what? I mean, that system
is a place for a reason. The electoral college is a mystery to me. The electoral college
will never understand it. Why does Montana get to decide who wins the election? Because
there's less people there than there are senators or something. Nobody knows. Christy
thinks that people don't know. Nobody's really ever going to have a good grasp of daylight
savings time or the electoral college. And in the last three days, we had them both.
But this is an underdog story. This is important. Like, I think it's good that we live in a
nation now where Romney got elected. Yeah, because you know what? Because anything's
possible. And he's not. Because he won, which is amazing, without a single woman voting
for him. And that's more than half the nation. Yeah, I mean, that just says how bad, first
of all, how much women love Romney. Because you know, like, women are allowed, you know,
you're picturing your mom with the rolling pin and she's telling you like, well, what
your father says is best. But she gets to pull a curtain still. They haven't revoked
that yet. Not yet. She can actually secretly vote for Obama. And she didn't. Well, also,
they just also women just don't turn out to vote. Women don't care about the electoral
process. They love making the little pancakes with their rolling pins. That's their vote.
They cast it every time they flip a flapjack. I vote for more griddles. I'm more disturbed
that women are still using rolling pins on pancakes because that's, well, yeah, I don't
you make them flat that way. I need a wife. Thank you. Thank you, Mitt Romney, for your
new Mormon every no husband left behind program. No pancake over an eighth of an inch program.
I thought I could now have 95 wives. All right, so end our political segment for tonight.
Let's start. Let's let's reset. Everyone's got a bad taste of their mouth. They feel
like Mitt Romney won the election. Can we just reset it and pretend elections don't matter
and start Harmontown? I'm going to do it, but I'm going to play without. I don't know.
I'm looking at a song off of Zach, our tech guys iPod here. I'm going to restart the show
with the song. I don't know. All right, I'm just going to crouch. I won't even come up.
Okay, let's see if we have it right.
I'm a town is again in session, everybody. Please put your hands together with a guru
of Harmontown. The election doesn't matter to the black, to the white, to the salt pepper
going to fuck you tonight. I got a mustard to the ketchup. Got a ketchup to the mustard.
Gonna go to your mama. Got a Indian custard. Gonna battle you on the battle. The big hills
gonna fuck your mama. Like your name was Lauren Hill Hill rhymes with Hill gonna take the pill
little jagged pill. Got a Lannis Morissette references. I got a 90s man. Gonna 40 years
old. I got a bad back. Don't know what I'm told. I got a motherfucker. Got a hand on my
head. I got a motherfucker. Gonna make some brand. You don't do it like a flat jack user
rolling pin gonna fuck your mama. If she left one day again, gonna put it in her butt. Gonna
put it in her mouth east, west, north, south. That's been Harvard town. Thank you for coming.
Is that too short? No, no, that felt too too written because the fucking beat broke down
with a east, west, north side. That was too badass. I was like, wait, no, no, wait, that
was improper. I promise you, there's photographs of me not making that up on the way out. I
know that seemed awesome. Then he ruined it by over apologizing for how awesome it seemed.
I think I think review was of course out of breath from rapping review was that embarrassing
moment review that audio will reveal with that that was truly improvised the mustard to the
ketchup to the ketchup to the mustard. Mustard and ketchup makes it. Are you drunk? Adam
Goldberg, can you pour me another drink? Welcome to Romney's America. Yeah. I decided to start
putting him into use just now in this moment. Did you put any ice in it? No. Yes. Wow. That's
mostly ice water. Adam Goldberg, everybody. Mustard to the ketchup to the mustard. It
was bad ass when I ran that with custard. Remember those fucking bad ass fucking. Condiment
wrap. I can smell my own armpits right now. Is that you? I thought it was Adam. No, that's
not an onion. It smells like an anarcho punk. I took off my sweater and it was wafting through
the hole. It's about when you stink up a comic book store, that's like making dirt dirty.
But this isn't your normal level of body odor. This is souped up. It's because fucking Romney
won. It's crazy. Let's do the segment that's me complaining about things that I'm not allowed
to complain about. Thank you. I'm excited about it now. Maybe that'll make it bad. I talked
to my gardener. I talked to him. For those of you who are faithful listeners, one of
my problems that I wasn't allowed to complain about is that I felt like my gardener was
up to no good. My grass is turning brown and it seems like he doesn't give a shit. The
same gardener that the previous owners had for 35 years, well, I'm sure not for he'd
be like a weird Kubrick, like Space Baby. But he was there for a long time. I inherited
him from, that seems politically incorrect. I indentured him, his servitude. I can't find
the right words for the truth. It's okay. Romney won, man. It's all good. Oh yeah, okay.
So I own this guy. I was like, yeah, you've been doing a great job. Continue to do it.
The grass slowly started dying away. I have a feeling, my theory is, I think the old German
lady that lived there before me, I think she was out there every day. I think she loved
her. Clearly, I moved into a house that was cared for by its matriarch. There were Adelweisses
out there. There's just flowers everywhere. Everything's beautiful. It was beautiful.
I moved in and it's dying and it's not just because I'm evil. It doesn't work that way.
It's also because I don't water them. Well, you did call it Danadoo. Isn't that kind
of curses? That should be enough, in my opinion. It's just going to end up as you in a fireplace
in a chair, just complete blackness. But slowly the grass is returning from green to brown.
Again, the heading of this is things I'm not allowed to complain about. So fuck you for
judging me while I complain about it. What do you think the remedy for that is?
Well, I talked to the gardener. And? And I said, seems like the grass is brown now.
And he said, and kind of nodded his head and I was like, is there anything we can do to
make it green? And he said, winter seed, winter seed. There's things we could do. I was like,
could we do, I would like to do. It was 95 degrees today. It's not winter. I would like
to do those things that you're talking about. He rattled off a bunch of things and it was
like, I threw in, I'll pay anything. And he said, I'll invoice you. He's like a teamster
with grass. That's what it is. He was ways leaning on me, waiting to see how much I cared.
I think you're allowed to complain about that. You're just not without sounding like a fucking
dick to a nation of renters. Next thing on my list. My mail program on my computer won't
let me turn it off. All right. On your computer, it won't let you quit the application?
Every time I want to shut down the computer, it says, mail won't let you quit. I used to
be, I wouldn't call myself a hacker in days of old, but I used to know how to make a fucking.
I won the future business leaders of America competition in high school. For computer applications
and business, I wrote a code for Commodore 64 that would run an invoice program. I was
competing with guys I was writing in Pascal Cobalt. I won with my Commodore 64 basic program.
It was like 20 pages long. I won second place. But I was a code monkey. I don't know what
they call him. I was a programmer. I used to make these machines my bitch. You turn into
your grandpa. I remember my grandpa before he died of emphysema. I remember him fighting
to the bitter end with his specs on his nose running his little Mac when they looked like
those little beige machines with a little smile face on him. He's like, how do I, I just
want to make a spreadsheet for the masons. I'm up to 33rd level. It's okay grandpa. It's
beyond you. It doesn't matter. No, I won't. I want to know. I knew how to make a fucking
truck out of sticks. I fought the Nazis and won. I deserve this.
I died because no one cares about his money. Now I'm 40. I can't make these fucking things
work. It's not a warning. It's not a message. It's a complaint. It's not a complaint that
you care about. Fuck you. It's just deeply, deeply sad. It's getting very hard for me
to run my computer. Are you happy kids? Is that what you wanted? You want to shut me
out? Well, guess what? Guess what you're shutting out? The creator of Masterhouse. You just
lost everything I could've told you on Reddit. All right, next thing. I hate writing. I hate
writing. I'm writing a bunch of things for a living and I hate writing. I hate it. Is
that what you keep getting fired from jobs? No, no sir. God damn it. No, don't make that
mistake. I get fired because I love writing. Those shows when they get on the air. The
process is painful and it's terrible. So you're inertia. A writer at rest, it's hard to get
that body in motion. Once it's in motion, it's hard to stop the writing. Here's a popular
analogy that guys, writers use that women love. It's like childbirth. Yes, it's worth
it. Yes, it's wonderful. Yes, it's a miracle. Yes, therefore I like doing it. No, I don't
like doing it. It's terrible. It hurts. It's the worst. I would rather not have to do it,
but I know that if I didn't have to do it, I'd be a shitty person. I don't want to have
to do it. I do want to have to do it. I hate it. Sucks. Fuck you. Hate writing. Stupid.
That's a dumb. I don't like these people who make these blogs that you run across where
they go, like, the joy of creativity. I just like to tell, I'm a mother of three and I
have a tumbler and I like to talk to you about my writing career. I'm a published author.
I've had three poems about sesame seeds. I shouldn't have made her a woman because
she was a sexist. Make it a guy. Make it a guy. But keep the sesame seeds.
Yeah. I'm a published author. I'm a published author. I sent a thing in through an envelope
and they published in the quarterly farm report. Yeah, it doesn't matter. This is how they're
here, this person. Here's my blog entries. The Forbidden Stranger. My Forbidden Stranger
comes to me in moments that I don't understand. Are you sure this is about writing?
Well, that you're not supposed to know until the end. They're talking about writing, but
they make it sound like they're having an affair. Sounds like a rape fantasy. Soccer
practice is canceled. The stranger's coming. It comes to that warning. I wrestle with him
in the mid-afternoon. My husband wishes I wouldn't do it so much, but I have to. And
it's like, oh, you're talking about writing. Hey, I'm reading your writing right now. You're
describing you suck. You're a terrible writer. Of course, it's fun for you. Yeah, oh, I am
sorry. Yes. Writing is like you are in a prison cell with God and he has his way with you
and you do what you can to stay alive. You exchange whatever favors you have to exchange.
You just, it is the reality. How confident or unconfident are you that you, the next,
because you have these two script deals coming up? Because they're both going to suck. Everything's
going to suck. Honestly, do you think that you're going to, like, I got to eat a turd.
It's got to happen. Because community was awesome. How good are the next two things
going to be? How, that doesn't work. That's how it works. Are you just projecting that
to be, you know, like both, yes, to be, to pray to God that I can somehow squeak through,
but also. But you're not confident you're going to go hit these out of the park after
what you've learned from writing on that show for three years? Yeah, how could, it just
doesn't, like, look at anybody. Like, somebody shouts somebody's name out who went from hit
to hit, like, or not hit to hit. Awesome thing to awesome thing. Like, like, Charlie
Kaufman. No, I'm not, I'm not laughing at you, yelling at others. Babe Ruth literally
went from hit to hit. Yeah, there's just writers, just writers, just writers. Charlie
Charlie Kaufman, Larry David. Yeah, all right, fine. Okay. Bar raised. I'm Charlie Kaufman,
Larry David, or the next two things are going to suck a horrible giant turd shaped dick.
Dick shaped turd. And there's the title of our episode. Now edit it out. Make it seem
like a better writer. Turd shaped dick. It stays in. I remind you this section is called
things I'm not allowed to complain about without making people hate me. But it's not called
the section where I'm not allowed to scrutinize. No, no, no, no, no, no, I wouldn't mean you.
I'm just telling them because they start, they're getting a little bummed out. But sit
through it. Just a command. It's not a bargain. Tolerate it. So Romney did win. I have too
many TVs. Moving on. Wait, yes. Yes, you do, by the way. I have too many TVs. I was up
with Dan as an upstairs thing. Normally when you watch the movie at Dan's new place, you
wash it downstairs over the TV. What was it, like a 50 inch? It was pretty big, right?
60? I don't know. It was a big phone. It was a big TV. And you'd watch it down there.
And then I went over to watch Labyrinth again before our last episode to refresh ourselves
and I'm moving it down and I don't know or much like. And that's okay. It's a good living.
It's got problems. But I was sitting downstairs eating KitKats, the orange, the shitty orange
Halloween KitKats. They probably taste the same, but they don't fucking taste the same
because they're orange and it's gross. I feel like they step on them a little bit.
Yeah. To put it in wire terms. Also, don't convince me that chocolate can be any color
and taste as good as your shitty brown chocolate. It should be brown for a reason. I feel like
there's a stringer bell of Reese's at the Reese's plant that's like, are we ready for
Halloween, man? No, no, there's more kids than usual this year. They're all dressed as shit
and they're all gonna, they all need Reese's. Step on it. We can't step on a chocolate, man.
The whole thing is chocolate. Put more orange chalk on it, motherfucker. I don't have to tell
you this shit. It's the wire. The wire. Timely. Most of you are nine.
So I'm downstairs waiting to watch this movie and then Aaron yells, Jeff, no, we're watching
upstairs. I didn't know that you had the upstairs movie arena like all done and he's got this
big room with a big, bigger TV screen, movie screen, whatever the fuck. But there's another
room next to it, which is as large or larger and there's another giant screen in that one.
Not as big as the one that we're gonna go in with a big couch, but there's a screen
like a 60-inch screen and... 80. 80? Wait, no, in the first room. That's a bar room.
A 60-inch screen. I'm about to hang a hard right into a room with an 80-inch screen,
but before then, I'm bringing pizza in. I'm putting pizzas down and there's a 60-inch
screen and I'm looking at that screen and I turn around. So that screen is about, let's
say, seven feet from my face and I turn around and there's a 40-inch screen three feet from
my face. Because I moved the couch. So you have to be looking at something and then when
I moved the couch, the 60-inch became obsolete. It's just above a couch now. So if you're
sitting on that couch, there's just a TV behind your head. I could put like trees or something
and it'd be like hanging out like, oh, it's like a future window. It's like Logan's run,
a girl can appear on it and go, would you like to spend the night with me? But it's
not for actual viewing. I just don't know what to do with it. I'll sell it. I don't
know. But I have too many TVs. It's enough. That's enough talking about it. It's uncharismatic.
Too many TVs. I do like that Dan's got this room. When Dan first bought the house, I
was up there with him and it used to be someone like the old patriarch of the house's office.
It was this giant cabinetry thing going on. It took up like a lot of the room. It was
a doorway that was too small. It was a giant desk in there. And I was like, maybe this
is the movie room. Where would you sit? He's got them all figured out in this big, beautiful
sectional couch. But there really is nowhere to set the drink.
The coffee table's coming.
No, but I thought something and you said it without me saying it. We're going to move
the couch away from the wall about three inches. We're going to put a little bar rail behind
it. That's exactly what I was thinking.
If you buy a home, kids, it becomes Joan River's face. It becomes like this, or Minecraft. It
just becomes like this constant, like, well, if I moved this wall back three pixels, it's
just, it'll be your new thing. Or you're not a dick like me.
But I will say that you're not the most aesthetically minded person I've ever known, but your house
is coming together wonderfully. It looks great.
Well, you bring up my next point, my final complaint, the ending tonight segment called
things I'm not allowed to complain about. Girlfriend, not getting along with my designer.
You guys know how it is. Yeah, never from the beginning. He's not a good person. They
don't get along right. And I think they both fit into the same. If you have a designer,
this is coming into your home to do what a girlfriend would do if she moved in with you.
That sounded sexist, right? Kind of. But I don't mean that that's what women are supposed
to do. I just mean that a person that you're bringing into your home to go, what kind of
couch should I get and all this stuff? They're trampling on...
You're bringing a professional male nest builder into the nest.
Really me typically. Maybe this is not true for half the guys here. I shouldn't say this
is a thing. But for me, I have no opinions about this stuff. So that professional nest
builder comes in, no wrong answers from him, kind of. He is functioning as a girlfriend
in that capacity because I am going, I don't know, whatever you want. I don't care about
this shit. I secretly do, but I don't know anything about it. I don't know what I'm talking
about. So it's a friction. There's a friction there. They don't like each other.
How does that manifest? He buys a pillow and she says it's itchy.
Is it itchy? It's itchy. Aaron's right. But I'm not going to have
Aaron decorate my house. Jeff, these are things I'm not allowed to complain about.
Dan? Thank you.
That's the end of the... Okay, I'd like to make one more addition. I think the audience
is a little too assertive with their end of the segment applause. I think you've gotten
a little too big for your clapping britches. You don't think I know what that means? Okay.
All right. Now we've reached an agreement. All right, I think...
What we do need out of an audience is to be less transparent when they really want to
get out of here. We've gone too long. We need it to sound more organic when an applause
thing comes up because sometimes it sounds like you guys just want us to get off the
stage. Don't confuse them. Don't put too much on them.
Like I kind of trickle in. Have a kind of dovetail in it when an applause is... That
was spontaneous. The show is over applause. Here's an example. Throwing my designer into
the bus. He was unwrapping a plastic bag. I had a carpet in it. He said, so what are
you guys doing for the holidays? We're going to London and Amsterdam. London's dirty.
It's not a... It's a silly thing to say to somebody that just told you they're going
to London. What are we supposed to do? Send an advanced team to sweep? We'll try to pick
up some shit while we're there. At Christmas time, it's covered in snow. It looks gorgeous.
We won't go to London. It'll be white and beautiful.
Jeff, what are you... Just to continue the mire that is tonight. It's like a molasses
swamp that we've sunk into. It's sad. It's dark. It's a dark, dark energy. It's a terrible
show. It's awful. No, we started off... We were killing the...
No, no, no, no. Well, that political shit. It's hot button. That's John Stewart shit.
It's a child's play. He does it every week. It doesn't matter.
You keep insisting on this thing. I'm not about to complain about a thing. And then
you ended by saying that wasn't very charming of me to complain about things.
You're right. You're right. I backpedaled too much. I should fucking barrel ahead. That's
my last complaint. Myself. I handle these complaints sections too bad. Now, applaud,
Tazoo. All right. Moving on. What do you tip? What the fuck are you supposed to tip? I'm
up to like 38% now. I don't know. You see in movies, I'm way above 20% now. And it doesn't
matter if you do a bad job or a good job. I can't risk that. I don't know, karmically,
like what I'm supposed to do. I've never... There's not a single person that has ever
served me well or served me that hasn't gotten anything under a 20% tip in the last million
years. I just... By default, it's 20% for sure. And then I'll like round up even more out
of mathematical insecurity. I don't understand it. I hate to rehash the old Tarantino thing
from the beginning of Reservoir Dogs, but it is a weird question because we've made
it part of our economy and it doesn't make any sense because it's supposed to be a reward
and I'm just tipping everybody. All right. That was my last complaint. What do you think
it should be? I don't... No, there's no should. If you told me it should be 50%, I'd believe
you. What would make you comfortable? If you set the bar somewhere, what would you want
to say? I'm telling you, I swear to God, if you raised me in a society where it was customary
to tip 50% of what the thing was, I would go, okay. But I would also go, the word customary
tip is kind of a weird... It spirals you into a... What is going on here? I believe that
everybody should tip for services like that. It's part of their... It's part of the gig
for service bartenders, waiters, things like that. But you know they've systematized it.
They've institutionalized it. Yeah. But also, under tipping is bad. I think 20% is perfect,
but whatever you can afford. And also, over tipping is not necessary and also can be a
sign of... It can be ostentatious. You shouldn't feel the need to tip 50%, 60%, 100%. Some people
do and have got money. I might do that because it just skews the whole thing. I think just
be an honest 20% tip or let's all do that. It skews what whole thing? Is there some kind
of like... Should we meet on a like a skull and bones island? Did we talk about... There's
one bartender at Little Dom's who I've known for a long, long time and he said... Name him
or it didn't happen. If I knew anybody's name on that place, I would win a fucking
tip. The turnover rate is amazing, but I also don't know the names of the people that have
been working there for three years. You friend Dave came in the other day. Dave Lyons. Yeah,
Dave Lyons, a great friend of ours. He was the Locations Manager for Community, right?
And he's like, yeah, really nice guy. Great tipper. He said it to me like, you could learn
a couple things about Dave Lyons. I'm like... Lots of ball play. Yeah. Lots of ball play.
One of the community writers, a girl, Hilary Winston, she might be naming her because I
think this is probably in her book. Hilary Winston was a community writer season two.
I'm sure she tells a story in her book because she tells everything, but she shared this
story about breaking up with a guy. It was a very amicable breakup. It was one of those
very healthy like, huh, we're breaking up. We both want to break up. Let's just break
up. Like, it's cool. Like, oh, yeah, I guess we're just... It's not going to work out for
both of us. And at some point in the conversation, he's like, yeah, I think she set herself up
by going like, ha, this feels so good. Any thoughts? And he's like, yeah, next time around,
next guy, a little more ball play. Awesome. Amazing. Amazing of her to ask, amazing of
her to answer. Amazing answer. What, what? Good thing that broke up for sure. Wait, the
idea that he's saying, we're breaking up for maybe a lot of reasons, maybe just one reason.
For this guy, yeah. I mean, if ball play is that important, and he never mentioned it,
like, what kind of... He clearly doesn't love her. It's not going to miss her if he's suggesting
that the next guy she's with gets all the ball play. Give him something. Give, please.
This is for the cause. Honor me. Give the next guy you're with all the ball play I never
got. That's why... Well, he loves her. He wants her to be happy. Yeah, be happy. And he knows
that she'll continue to get dumped if she doesn't play with your balls enough. That's
what he's saying. Like, that's why the relationship didn't work out. It's not because I'm the
kind of guy that gives notes like more ball play. It's not related to that at all. I'm
just a regular guy. You, however, you are on the precipice of a life of loneliness. You just
got to play with those balls a little more. Look at them. They're perfect. There's only one more
thing in my Evernote file, and then we're cast adrift, which... And then that's why we'll bring
up Spencer. I love being adrift. See, you knew the Harry Potter series was over, right? No. I thought
they were done making movies, but then there's always another book that comes out, right? I don't
know. I just don't know. Nobody say anything out loud, because we exist in a fascinating vacuum
here. I'm curious how, between the two of us, who knows more about Harry Potter? I would guarantee
that you know more about Harry Potter than I did. Okay. I've never read the books. You imply
that I've read the books. You don't read books. Yeah. I have seen all of the movies once. All
right. Show us. Raise your hand if you consider yourself a Harry Potter... Adam Goldberg's hand
shut up. No, we didn't say stand up. He's already getting up. We didn't say stand up, but his hand
went up. We said raise your hand, and his hand is already in the air. Raise your hand if you're
very familiar with the Harry Potter books to the point. And also, if you're relatively comfortable
getting up on stage and what I would have you do is... Adam, don't be bashful now. His hand's
bashfully up. We have about eight or nine hands in the air, right? I see three. Okay. One, two,
three, four, five, six. How do we choose? Well, we've been unfair to women tonight. I've heard
myself say some sketchy, possibly sexist things, so let's make it a woman. All right. So now we're
down to her. All the women. There's two that raise your hand up front. Are there other women in
the back that raise their hands as well? Well, who cares? I mean, they obviously got here too late.
Of the two up front, which of you thinks you're the most confident about your knowledge?
Did you call yourself a level seven Slytherin? What's your name? Fedora. Oh, Fedora. I remember
that name and that hat from the Jareth contest. All right, Fedora. Let's do five questions.
If you can think of them, don't worry about it. We'll edit it. Just ask a kind of like trivia
question about Harry Potter and see who between me and Jeff knows. Oh, brother. And I mean,
get basic at first. Okay. How hard do you want me to make this? Start off basic. Find the limits
of our ignorance. Okay. I'll tell you some basic things. I bet neither of us know how many movies
there are. I do not know how many. Definitely. I don't know the number. I would be guessing
between estimate seven or eight. I would say five. Well, I mean, yeah, but that's a that's a guess.
I know I obviously know the word Slytherin. I think you I think we got a ringer. I saw I saw
the first one in the movie theater. Yeah, back when I came out nerd with my parents. Okay. How
about I start easy and make then make them slightly harder? Yeah, yeah. Dan, you want to make this
interesting? Yeah, yeah. 20 bucks. 40 40. All right, 40 bones. I'll bet you my partner, but you
know Slytherin. I'll see you a gardener and raise you a tailor. All right, even though I think that
you're I think you know more than me. I think this is a bad bet. I'll take the $40 bet. All right,
wait, if I let's make it let's put it in Harmontown terms. If if if Harmontown terms, if if I win,
you have to more ball play. I was trying to think of I don't know. It's stupid. Yeah, let's make it
a nice friendly 40 bucks. Yeah. Here we go. I think you're going to kick my ass around the room,
but we'll see. Okay. Can you name the four Hogwarts houses from the four houses? Okay,
so there's four schools of magic. I know that I know that one is Slytherin, because I said that.
One is Slytherin. I didn't know there were four houses. One's called Knuckle Muffins,
one's called Gravy Train, and the Lilita's Kiss, Poughkeepsie, Magic Hat, Dumbledumble,
Dumbledumble, Dumbledumble, and Bumper's Stumpers. No, neither of us now. Neither of us now.
Start basic, we said.
Name them, name them, name the four.
Gryffindors, Slytherin, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuff.
Hufflepuff.
Bumper Stumpers is close.
Wait, no, no.
My first one, I said Knuckle Muffet or something.
We'll give that one to Jeff, though.
No, we're not.
Bumper Stumpers.
Does anybody remember that game show?
You had to guess what people's personalized license plates said.
Yeah, it sucked.
How did they come up with that idea?
I was like, when you go into a development meeting and meet and greet with an executive,
another thing I'm not allowed to complain about, and they're like, we have this internal
idea and it's about, you know, when you go to your tenure reunion, it's like you never
knew.
So we want to develop a show, it's called Tenure Reunion, oh, how'd you come up with
that idea?
You fucking parasite.
You 28-year-old.
That's an internal idea?
You didn't have a writer?
Well, since it's a reality show, you'll never need one.
Just get six cameras and go fuck everybody.
Makes me a little mad.
I thought you hated writing.
I do, but I don't want it eliminated as a job.
I definitely hate watching dishes a lot more.
All right.
Kintradora.
Question number two.
First of all, do you want to know what the Four Hogwarts houses are in French, because
they're really funny?
We.
Yes.
Okay.
Gryffindor is just Gryffindor for some reason.
Not funny.
That's why I started with that one.
Okay.
Slytherin is Serpentard, which kind of makes sense.
Serpentard?
Yeah.
Hey, Serpentard.
Nice wand.
Ravenclaw is Ceradoglu, which is kind of a direct translation that kind of makes sense.
Then Hufflepuff is my absolute favorite.
Hufflepuff is Poof Souffl.
Poof.
That's on the nose.
They would be offended, the French would be offended if we suggested that was their first
name for her.
Poof Souffl?
Poof?
Poof.
Oddly enough, that's also a literal translation.
Poof Souffl.
That's great.
All right.
I love that.
Four more, Fedora.
Okay.
Can either of you name the monster in the Chamber of Secrets?
Sam.
All right.
Good guess.
That sounds like a good guess.
I know it'll have a lot of S's in it because he's a snake monster.
There's a snake monster down there.
It's not Slytherin.
That's the house.
It's not Serpantor.
That's G.I. Joe.
It should be Serpantor.
CobraCon.
Don't tell her.
Okay.
What is it?
Who's close?
Sam or CobraCon?
Well, Dan, you're closer because it actually is the name of a snake.
Okay.
What is it?
It's a basilisk.
All right.
I'll take that point.
Basilisk?
Basilisk.
Mine had an S in it.
I'll take it.
Okay.
We're tied up.
We're all tied up.
We're tied at one.
Who were the marauders?
What?
Is that part?
Do you need another one?
I'm sorry.
All right.
No, no, no, no.
Let's take a stab.
That's it.
Who were they?
Yeah.
The marauders were a group of shadow creatures that serve he whose name can't be said.
That is totally wrong.
Would you like another question?
No.
I get to guess, too.
Okay.
Yeah.
The marauders were those guys that came in and tried to screw up the game of the broomstick
ball.
Quidditch.
The guys that came in and tried to steal the Quidditch sticks.
Okay.
Who's closer?
I'm going to say Jeff is closer because he's thinking of the wrong things, but he does
no sort of what he's talking about.
I know Quidditch.
Quidditch.
Jeff too.
I thought it was once, but I'm no on my ship.
Two left.
Okay.
I got to make the last two really easy because I think that last one was too hard.
Well, also, don't give a point to somebody who just says Quidditch, Quidditch, like in
the middle of it.
Yeah, he was.
Yours had a name of a snake in it.
That was a funny name.
All right.
Fine.
Even Steven.
Jeff leads two to one.
$40 on the line.
He was describing a specific scene from oddly enough the right book, but just had the creature
go.
Oh, I'm a fan fedora.
Yeah.
I can tell.
You're not the first woman to fall into his sociopathic web.
It sounds like he's all into whatever you're talking about.
By the way, you're going to be on the Los Feliz streets with a pair of high heels in your
hand in the morning.
Okay.
Hailing a cab.
Boy, Dan, you go down one point, you turn into a misogynist asshole.
Can't you see how good she looks in black?
You look great tonight, by the way.
You look wonderful.
Thank you.
You're really captivating.
Here you go.
I'm sorry.
He's a basilisk.
I was distracted.
Is the game over yet?
Two to one.
Okay.
What's the name of the headmaster of Hogwarts?
Grumble snakes.
Dumbledore.
East side, west side, north side, south.
Mamas in your tinny, dicks in your mouth.
Motherfucker's got another cocaine and the weak stuff.
Fuck you.
Got to shoot you in the dick.
Got to shoot you in the ass.
Fuck your mama and the head of the class.
I got how it has been in the place to be.
I knew it wasn't grumble snakes.
I panicked.
Wow.
As in the game of quidditch that will cost you.
You pause one moment and the robot ball will not follow your broomstick.
All right.
We're tied up at two to two right now.
This is the deciding question.
Yeah.
$40.
$40 magical salamanders.
Salamander notes.
I should make that the last question.
The units of currency, but I'm not that mean.
We're guessing on everything except for Dumbledore.
I freaked out and said grumble snakes.
No, grumble snakes is good.
I like that.
That's a better name.
You should write a young adult novel series.
I hate writing.
That's going to be, when I finally start playing Dungeons and Dragons,
I think that's going to be my character name.
Grumble snakes.
Grumble, it's like grumble fish.
Yeah.
Okay. This is it, everybody.
This is the fifth and final question.
Okay.
There's a catch on this one.
You have to pronounce it correctly.
It's easy, but it's, you know, people get.
What's the name of the bad guy?
His real name.
His real, his real alias.
Not his real real name.
I'm not.
I know you're not allowed to say his name in the first movie,
because that's the one I saw.
And I know he doesn't have a nose.
And I know it's not Slytherin.
Azkabar, fuck it.
No, no, no, no, no.
Heathcliff.
William Howard Taft.
I went from Heathcliff to Lausanne de Garfield to our fattest president.
Is that your guess, dude?
I don't fucking...
For $40,000. I'm shooting in the dark.
No, no, no. Let me fucking...
I know it's like Dumbledore, but it's like the inversion of Dumbledore.
So fumble, fumble, fumble.
There's people in the audience right now that are bristling.
Well, of course they are, because we're not saying Darth Vader.
We don't know the name of Darth Vader.
Ah, shit. What the fuck is this?
You know, it's funny.
I didn't realize it was the inversion of Dumbledore, but it kind of is.
Say, just getting in the head of an inferior craftsman.
There's your Dumbledore.
Yeah, I'll tell you for $20.
Adam, shut up.
Imble. Imble, imble, imblefliff.
Just counting on getting closer than Jeff. Imblefliff.
I'm going to say something from a...
No, that's Lord of the Rings.
Yeah, I fucking almost went Voldemort on that one.
$40 in my pocket, yo.
Bring it over me. Don't throw it.
I said Voldemort, make it rain.
Fedora, everybody!
I gave my $20 to this motherfucker, but I won't give up.
Fedora, Fedora, everybody.
All right. Spencer, get up here and set up your... set up your wares.
We always do this. We always start... Spencer up too late.
We always... we always torture these people.
That was exciting.
No sir, yeah. How about that?
Me coming up with something, like, spur of the moment.
Little features. I'm coming up with little features.
You're like David Letterman.
Yeah.
Except, as if he had a writer that would come up with features for him.
Yeah, but I don't.
You're like your own writer, Steph.
If I had a Larry Budd Melman, like Goldberg,
Goldberg, well, Spencer sets up.
Goldberg, come up. Adam Goldberg.
Let's visit Adam Goldberg.
This show runs itself. Freestyle.
Adam, freestyle. Come on.
Talking to Stan, who never says please.
I'm back in the cold and my mic is...
My mic is probably too hot.
Justin, I'm sorry. My mic is too hot.
I have a loud voice and I'm sorry.
My mic is just too warm.
It's going to crackle.
Soundcheck wrap.
Were you rapping or was that...
He wrapped a mic check.
I'm sober enough that it was intentional.
But not sober enough that it was not un...
Oh, can't believe Mitt won.
I just...
We don't know that. It's crazy.
Are you up here in the Mitt Romney universe?
That Mitt is one?
I was ringing it up and calling it back.
I was dialing up a punchline
and no one was on the other side.
I'm leaving a voicemail.
It's a kind of voicemail where it's just...
The person just leaves their number
because they're too cool for their name
and it might be, you know, a chick you met at a bar.
It might be an insurance salesman from Milwaukee.
Nobody knows.
If they call back and says,
I'm an insurance salesman from Milwaukee,
you have a sense of it, but she could be doing a deep voice
and faking it out on you.
It's freestyle.
I'll pass it to you.
I'll say, my man, Adam Goldberg,
gonna take it right now or something like that.
All right.
But I'll set you up.
And I'll lower the bar.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Bottom to the top, side to side.
I fucked your mama in her pussy
and I made it extra wide.
It goes to the top.
Don't react.
It distracts me.
Tell him.
Okay, sorry.
Yeah, preach.
Sorry.
Yeah, you're my hype man?
Yeah.
Okay, I'll try.
Yeah, this one goes out to the ladies.
I'm getting distracted.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Pepper to the salt, steak to the peas.
Fucked your mama so hard she fell to her knees.
Big for more of a dick to...
Don, I fucked it on the lawn.
Fucked your mama in the backyard in the front.
Fucked your mama in the seaward.
Sorry, sorry.
Yo, good save.
Good save.
Starting over.
Right up in there.
Okay, yo, yo, yo.
With my motherfucker right now, Adam Goldberg.
Gonna do it up.
Gonna give you the good word.
Adam Goldberg, the Jewish prodigy.
Gonna take you all down to your knees.
Let me set you up better.
Motherfucker is like a tight sweater.
Makes your titties look good for the touching.
Motherfucker's gonna be like...
Titties be better when I'm with them.
I've got the stuff and you got the stiffen.
I got a swear word.
I won't say it.
If this gets radio-edited, fuck, I'll pray it.
Yo, I got Kirby's Vine.
I got ladies in a segment that's mine to say what?
I'll get your vodka spilled all over because that's how I oughta.
Spencer is a very good DM.
I...wim.
And when things drop out, it's sometimes impressive.
If I had a rap group, we'd be called the messes.
All right, MC Goldberg.
MC Goldberg.
Extemporaneous, yo.
I gotta say, that took sort of a bittersweet turn toward the end there.
Because we're both...we're just wheelcharing across the finish line.
Everyone's a winner.
Must finish this rhyme.
Just break the ribbon. Here's a scissors.
Thank you, Adam.
I can't thank you enough, clearly.
Adam, sit down.
There you go.
He's a good kid.
Adam, when the little showbiz note, when someone goes,
Adam Goldberg, everyone in the crowd claps,
that's outro.
You tip your hat and you walk out stage.
My theory is that he's neurologically incapable of picking up on a social cue like that.
That's my theory as a person who I also...
That's also my theory.
So now I'm just telling him straight up.
From now on, when I say thank you, Adam Goldberg,
and the crowd goes like, they make their hands make this sound.
That means fuck straight off.
You're really controlling tonight.
I got $40 burning a hole in my pocket.
All right, Spencer, how have you been doing?
Right now, I'm not feeling too good, you guys.
Oh, Jesus.
If I underperform or pass out or projectile vomitor shit, you'll know why.
I saw you before the show. I thought you were just high.
No, no, I'm just not feeling too high.
Oh, Jesus, Spencer, let me dungeon master for a change.
All right, here.
Is he going to play Sharpie?
Take the dice.
No, I mean, I can do it.
For real?
Yeah!
Dan, is this a planned bit?
Am I going to find out this is a planned bit?
If this doesn't work, we'll put it in the Mitt Romney universe and pretend it didn't happen.
Perfect.
All right, so Spencer, the sixler is going to come up and play...
Are you playing Sharpie?
Yes.
And Harmon's going to sit in and dungeon master.
But this is like a what if comic, you know, like if it fucks up, if I fuck it up, it didn't happen.
Can I sit?
Yes, you may.
Make yourself fat.
I'm so fat, what?
You're not fat. You're quite in shape, I would say.
They suck it in in public.
That's true.
What's wrong, Spencer? Is it serious?
My fat?
No, whatever, however sick you are.
Oh, no, I don't even know. I'm not a hundred percent.
I wouldn't say I'm even sick or anything.
Well, will you pass a saving throw?
Who knows?
Not taking his illness seriously.
All right, Harmon, I'm going to give you what are new because of Labyrinth, the Jareth Fest last week.
Which is wonderful, by the way, for any of you that took part in that or were here.
That really was my favorite Halloween in recent memory.
It was wonderful.
So I'm going to play you the new D&D theme song.
After several key defeats in the area of the Goblin Kingdom
and saving the forest from the forces of Admiral Darkstar
the party known as Sharpie Buttsalot
Quark, Maya Rudolph, whatever her name was
have decided to hit the treacherous road in pursuit of the Buttsalot Shire
which is reputed to be the source of Sharpie's kingdom
and former reclamation of his lineage.
After traveling very far on a well-packed, well-trodden path
you encountered a fierce bunch of gnolls
and quickly took them out with a flurry of spells and missiles.
You slept the night away, shook yourselves off and proceeded along the trail
to the Buttsalot realm.
You arrive into an open field.
You see a series of tents, a village of tents laid out before you.
There are watch commanders patrolling the area
as is customary in the Buttsalot Kingdom.
Dan Harmon, everybody.
Alright, can we restart and have you do it? This is obviously terrible.
I thought it was amazing.
That was great.
No, you would.
Let Spencer please restart.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
It's only going to get worse.
Did you hear me struggling to describe tents?
I thought you did great.
That was fantastic.
When we last met.
Yeah!
See, now you're not booing.
Our heroes had been in Dark Star Ziggurat.
After defeating him, they realized, or did they?
I don't know.
It just happened that the Ziggurat crumbled to the ground.
The dark forest of shadows seemed to be getting more and more safe after his vanquishing.
See, this is what I'm talking about.
You're making me look like an asshole.
You did a great job up there and I'm not doing good now.
You're doing what I'm doing, which is second-guessing yourself.
That's the only un-charismatic thing.
That's what I'm best at.
Hitting the trail on the way to the Butts expanse.
Home of the Buttsalot tribe.
Our heroes encountered...
Null Raiders from the White Skull Tribe.
After defeating the Raiders, they dusted themselves off and looked at the loot left behind by the Nulls.
Now it's up to you guys.
All right.
Oh, begin sneak.
So I forget.
Show me that loot again, Sharpie.
Well, we have some coins.
There's some tattered armors and maybe a cutlass.
Definitely a cutlass.
Is it better than my sword?
I've got a pretty good sword already.
Is it valuable to me to have another sword?
Is there a green arrow on the interface next to his...
That's a video game reference.
I'll pick up X.
But yeah, it's not anywhere near as good as yours.
You can tell it's a bit rusty.
The guard's a bit loose.
Yeah?
Yeah, I wouldn't take it.
All right, I'll leave it there.
You are staring at the corpses of dead Nulls.
We should probably arrange them as if they were fucking each other when they died.
Just to send a message to the Nulls,
because I understand them to be a very homophobic culture.
What I'm strapping my fear is that that might enrage them and bring down undue wrath upon us.
They need to be enraged and self-destruct.
The state of the world right now, Jeff, is one in which there's only one war left.
The war between the people who own property and the people that don't.
These Nulls are the last of the dregs.
Wait, are we still doing the Romney universe?
This is Obama.
Whatever. We'll leave him be.
I'll put a gold piece on each of their eyes.
I examine my surroundings.
You are in a rolling plains.
Rolling plains surround you,
and a few trees stand on top of a hill to your west.
The path bends south.
What's the name of the girl that we're traveling with, Maple Leaf?
Karen Broadleaf.
So are we close now?
We've been traveling for like three days, Karen.
Yes, in fact, if I remember correctly,
the butt's plains are just over that ridge.
She points to a ridge.
The butt's plains are just over it.
Karen, are all the butt's plains parted by a ridge?
Yes, you will find that in the butt's plains,
that geographic feature does exist.
Interesting. Just going to make a mental note of that.
Let's go into the ridge between the butt's plains.
Or above the butt's plains?
I don't know. Some direction involving the butt's plains.
Let's follow that path toward the ridge.
Following the well trodden path,
you reach the top of the hill,
seeing the view from the ridge.
You can see the yellow tent of Yellow Camp,
the primary camp of Buttsalot Camp.
Wait, there were tents. How did you know that?
Yeah, that's what I mean.
It's like he just was reading the future.
Orp can predict basic objects.
He's a storyteller, so am I.
To a certain extent.
You guys colluded before this.
Barbarians like house musicians.
You know, you're like banana,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
There's changes and there's keys and things.
This guy's fucking good.
And I'm pointing that out by saying
that he said the same thing I did.
Edit it out.
Tell me about those tents.
They're far off. There's one central large tent.
And there's a banana monster, right?
I mean, we both would put a banana monster.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
You're sick and I'm fucking around.
Everyone wants to get home.
Let's all go home.
No, Spencer, say that.
Oh my god, not you.
I meant them.
Oh, sorry.
You get in for free.
They won't call my bluff.
Don't tell them that.
All right, so yeah, yellow tent
surrounded by smaller yellow tents.
By the way, why on your guest list,
Spencer is like, he doesn't get paid for his services here,
but he sends like a guest list.
There's always a person named Symphony.
Wait, how does a dungeon master
roll with a chick named Symphony?
He's fucking good at it.
What?
All right, there you go.
Thank you, Symphony.
That was my only question.
All right, so he's got an entourage.
I approached the large yellow tent in the center.
You are a far ways away from it.
You can't, you can begin your approach.
I begin that approach, beginning your approach.
I examine his approach.
Examining is your approach.
You notice his gate seems a bit stranger
than when you first started adventuring.
Hey, what gives?
I gotta hang a piss.
Well, there you go.
I take a pee and then we resume my approach
towards the yellow tent.
Peeing completed.
You see the familiar yellow tents of Yellow Camp,
the first of three Buttsalot encampments.
Nearby, you can see a large mound of dirt
as if someone or some army had been digging a massive pit.
The closer you get, the weirder things appear.
Nulls are invading Yellow Camp.
You see many nulls and many barbarians,
but they don't seem to be fighting.
In fact, they seem just to be hanging out
and talking with one another.
Wait, the barbarians are Buttsalot barbarians?
These are the Buttsalot barbarians.
And there's a few armies amassed?
You can see barbarians from your tribe
intermingling with nulls, large hyena like humanoids.
All right, so they see our approach
and they're not reacting to it?
Well, I'm a barbarian.
Wouldn't they be compatriots of mine, friends, possibly?
You're not in a union.
You certainly identify with their thoughts and feelings,
but it's a tribe thing.
You're not in their tribe, so.
But, you know, you get in their heads a bit.
I'll let me just follow my lead, man.
I'm related to these people.
Do your thing.
We approach them.
You approach them.
Do you want, like, a parade or like an entourage
or like a party to be sarcastic?
I'm just approaching them and going,
I hope that my presence is noted as I approach them.
Are they ignoring me?
As you get closer and start to wave your hellos to the barbarians,
they seem to take note of you before returning to ignoring you.
It's been a long time since you've last been at the Buttsalot expanse.
Perhaps people don't remember.
Greet them in grand fashion.
Let them know who you are, your lineage.
Well, I don't want my first impression to be like a dick.
If they're talking to their enemies.
They're being dicks.
You say hello and they just turn back at you.
They're having some kind of summit.
I mean, these are...
Those gnolls are...
We just killed a bunch of them in the forums.
All right.
Like, we go...
They don't know that.
I know.
Or do they?
Keep it down.
They might know it.
Oh.
Uh-oh.
All right.
We saw nothing.
We did nothing.
Just didn't deny everything.
Okay.
This is like a Hope and Crasby movie.
I moved to within three feet of them and clear my throat.
You clear your throat.
A gnoll and a tall human, dressed in animal skins,
eyes you with a sum amount of suspicion.
I give them one of these like...
Like a poor person on a crosswalk,
like looking at a car.
Like, what?
What are you going to do?
Are you going to marry me?
The human approaches you, eyes locked.
He has a very aggressive look on his face.
He says nothing.
He approaches.
He gets within three feet of you.
Then two.
He stops at two.
Uh, greetings.
You seem familiar.
Something about your features reminds me of someone I know.
Yeah, I'm a Butz.
A Butz?
You mean a Butz a lot?
Yeah.
The very same.
I am the one that didn't come back.
Then you are a former tribesman?
Yeah.
Sharpie, tell them who you are, man.
I'm Sharpie Butz a lot.
Sharpie Butz a lot?
See?
I shouldn't have to say it.
Son of Lord Butz a lot?
I...
Welcome.
Jesus.
Guys, guys, guys.
It's like pulling teeth with these people.
No, it's just that Sharpie Butz a lot.
Walk up and say hello.
You can just go up and say hi to people.
You're so suspicious of everybody.
You have to understand, I grew up in a town of 35.
You expect a modicum of...
Yeah, but you've been gone for a long time, right?
It's all part of their tune.
Just tell them to say hey.
Several human barbarians gather.
Well, the gnolls slowly move away,
eyeing you with suspicion and caution.
Hey, I didn't want to interrupt your summit with the gnolls.
Well, you did.
But I mean, that's fine.
Like, what's up?
Well, what were you talking to them about?
What's the beef?
We're just, you know, discussing.
I mean, ever since Lord Butz a lot signed the Butz Blackpaw Treaty,
all the Blackpaw gnolls have been camping with us.
You see, we figure if we ally,
we can destroy the dwarves more handily.
Uh-oh.
You guys are lying with gnolls to defeat dwarves?
Yes, you see, I mean, it's been a long, long time since you've last been here,
but the goblins, the kobolds, the wild capybaras, they've all gone.
It's the gnolls, the dwarves, and the barbarians.
And we're all fighting.
And the dwarves are bad to you?
We don't like them.
They occupy the mountains to the south.
The mountains to the south are the last stronghold of the dwarves.
If we can take this stronghold, we'll be able to control the entire Butz Peninsula.
I emerge from behind this conversation and force my way right into the center
and say, Sharpie, it is your birthright to regain the former glory of this Butz a lot tribe.
Let's unite with these people and go fight these dwarves.
Hold on a second. Where's my dad?
I asked this guy.
He should be in blue camp.
They're making preparations to send a special envoy to the dwarves
to negotiate the terms of surrender,
seeing as how the alliance between the gnolls and the barbarians has taken hold.
The dwarves are very, very scared.
They've been holding up and fortifying their defenses.
But they want stuff.
Listen, Clark, guys, a war between humans and dwarves is not...
They're like the little fuckers.
You're a little fucker. You're a gnome.
Look, I'm a...
You're a self-loathing gnome.
I'm a barbarian, too.
You got to ask yourself one day, are you a gnome that became a barbarian
or a barbarian that happens to be a gnome?
It's from law and order. It was one of the black lawyers had to...
I don't see him.
I've never seen that show.
It still applies.
The bottom line is that dwarves and humans have lived in harmony in these parts for millennia.
Well, let's go meet your father. Let's go sit down and meet your father.
Listen, how far is blue camp from yellow camp?
Just walk out that door and then back inside.
There's a door in the tent.
A tent flapping an entrance portal.
Oh, so we can walk out of one flap and come right back in the same flap and it's just a blue camp?
I did.
That's what he said.
That's how it would seem, yeah.
What?
We walk out of the yellow flap and come back in a blue flap exiting the tent.
You turn around to see that yellow camp has vanished, being replaced with blue camp.
A large blue central tent stands in the middle and is flanked by smaller blue tents.
You don't know what sorcery has caused this, but you go back inside all the same.
You are now in blue camp.
There are only human barbarians.
They're dressed in slightly finer clothes than the ones in yellow camp.
They're discussing, sitting at tables, sipping drinks.
You don't see your father.
So I gotta find my dad.
Just go up and introduce yourself.
Say you're the son of the guy that runs the joints.
Say hello.
I feel like if we play this right, sideline between you and me, Jeff Davis, Dan Harmon.
Right.
If I make a big fuss about sitting down with my dad, who's your most famous friend that could come in and play my dad for next week's recording?
Do you want me to say?
I don't know if he's in town or not.
You know what I'm thinking.
No, but will you just tell me if you think you can get somebody?
I will try for one person in particular.
Alright, so we'll get it.
We'll make my dad a cameo.
I'm just taking the time out and saying that.
Right.
Alright, and he'll be the dad?
Yeah.
Oh, that'd be good.
I think that'd be cool.
And it's a role he's born to play.
Alright, okay.
Okay.
Spencer, you didn't hear any of that.
It's Timothy Olofant, everybody.
No, I'm okay.
I gotta find my dad if it takes all episode.
You say to no one in particular?
No, I'm saying to you.
You say to the dungeon master?
Yeah.
I'm saying don't find my dad this episode.
Yeah, no, I know.
Yeah, so you're hitting pause right now because the meeting with the...
But we gotta do something to bring it into the Dungeons and Dragons segment.
Is there a little slug we can hit with our sword and win some gold pieces?
Because they always applaud when we kill something.
Maybe.
You're in blue camp, though, right now.
You don't see your father.
Maybe you shask around and maybe something like exposition will happen for that.
Alright.
I'll be fulfilled.
I examine my asking around.
You examine the asking around.
Nothing happens.
I step forward and say I being but a little...
What am I again?
A no barbarian.
My friend is very shy.
Where is Lord Buttsalot?
Lord Buttsalot.
We've seen him a few days ago, but we believe he's in red camp preparing for battle.
I walk out of the blue flap and go back in the red flap.
You walk out the blue flap.
Behind you, you see the red tent of red camp.
You enter red camp.
It's so easy.
It's magic, you guys.
I know, I love it.
Sometimes you need a no barbarian to get shit done.
Entering red camp, you see several generals decked out in full military gear.
They're looking at maps and pushing figures around.
You still don't see your father.
Where is Lord Buttsalot?
You ask, everyone turns and looks at you.
How did you get into red camp?
There's a Stratus.
There's a series of magic flaps, you guys.
I don't know who's running security at this camp.
Who told you of our flaps?
We used our keen insight and our awareness of our surroundings.
Well, well, tis the little Buttsalot.
Return, is it not?
Yeah, but I'm a big Buttsalot now.
You may have noticed.
Big Buttsalot, so Whatzalot.
I remember you, Leonard.
Dead-Eyed Duncan.
What?
I remember you, Dead-Eyed Duncan.
My Leonard was my little brother.
You were a whole family, I always thought that rhyming things constituted a touche.
Ever since Grandpa Eight Eyes, we just went with it.
Grandpa Eight Eyes?
Roller Skate Eyes.
Sharpie.
He eyes you with a newfound respect.
It's that easy, you little fuckers.
That's why your clan's not in charge.
I pull Sharpie aside.
Sharpie, ask him if he likes Big Buttsalot.
Jesus, for that, all right.
Listen, I need to find my dad.
I've been out abroad and I've been gaining experience and fighting human centipedes and
just doing all kinds of things.
I don't want the story to turn into a different thing.
I just want to find my dad.
He issues a grunting gurgle and the other war generals leave the premises.
He looks to his left and then to his right suspiciously before motioning you to approach closer.
You know what's going on?
I wouldn't tell this to anyone but his own son, but Lord Buttsalot gathered 12 of our
bravest warriors and left out last night.
We think he was on his way to the Dwarven and Camp, but we can't be sure.
All right, listen, buddy, you've come with me this far.
I'm going to say the same thing to you when I quit the Sarah Silverman program.
I don't expect you to follow me everywhere.
I think we should go after your father and you should help out and be at his right hand
during this battle against the Dwarves.
I think we should wait until next week when possibly there will be some stunt casting.
I'm glad you said that, but with an emphasis on, I don't think we should fight the Dwarves
and conflicted about this.
It sounds like a bunch of shenanigans to me.
The only thing that worries me is that we just kicked a bunch of gnolls asses and your guys
are in league with the gnolls.
They're going to find out that we've killed a bunch of gnolls or are going to be in deep shit.
We don't have to ever talk about that ever again.
They're going to find out?
It will never matter.
They watch law in order too, probably, don't they?
Well, at any rate, we both agree on one thing.
We're heading out on the trail of my father, father, father.
And you head out on the trail of your father.
And so ends our D&D campaign.
Spencer, everybody.
Spencer.
Yeah, that one's transitional.
We're teeing it up for next week.
Yeah, I didn't know what we were going to do in that thing, anyway.
Yeah.
I was probably too hands-on.
But really, I personally love Spencer and the job that he does.
I know that people on Twitter and people listening out there love Spencer.
Let's hear it for Spencer.
He's fucking awesome.
You're saying the love is more genuine for him than it is for Adam Goldberg.
I love Adam Goldberg too.
What, what the fuck an A?
How do we end the show every week?
You can just say thank you and you can...
No, no, no, no, no.
I can say let's hear it for Dan Harmon.
They'll clap and we'll get out of here.
No, no, no.
I won't do.
These people deserve better.
They deserve something protracted.
That's your idea, Adam.
Dan Harmon won the 2012 election and he gives a thank you speech to Harmon Time.
It's not a bad idea.
Say it again on mic.
Adam said...
And now welcome your new...
It's hot, it's a hot mic.
It's a hot mic.
No, you're a hot person.
Thank you.
And now welcome the new president of the United States, Dan Harmon.
All right.
Wow, I can't believe I won the election.
Here's what I'm going to do.
Every war that we were in, we're going to stay in.
Everyone that was poor is going to stay just as poor.
Everyone that was rich is going to stay just as rich.
Nothing is going to change.
I'll see you in three and a half years when I start inexplicably defending my position as if it ever existed.
I'm a big rich asshole that lords over you and eclipses your life and convinces you that your neighbors are racist pedophiles.
Thank you for coming and happy 2012 to 2016.
All right, that was a bummer.
No, that was good.
That was a bummer.
All right.
USA.
You trying to take this country away?
Harmontown will remain.
Thank you everybody.
Thanks guys.
Harmontown tonight.
I want to thank Fidora for coming up.
Adam Goldberg is always Spencer.
All right, Dungeon Master.
Katie Levine, Zac McKeever, Emily Gordon, Daniel Kramer, Justin Marshall, Mo Fathelbab, Jenny Fine, Shahruz.Shackett.
And once again, I'm Jeff Davis, the Comptroller.
One more time for the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon, everybody.
God bless each one of us and God bless America.
God bless you for voting.
God bless every state.
God bless every...
Dan Caller right now.
Who do you think wins tomorrow?
I'm going to go ahead and call it for Obama.
But don't be jaded because of that.
If I turn out to be right, don't let that make you think that it doesn't matter.
Thank you all.
Love you.